may not be aware in addition to my work
as host of this show I am also a TV
judge my beloved bailiff Guillermo and
I've been hearing cases for a long time
now these are real cases with real
litigants in small claims court who
inexplicably chose to let their cases be
heard by none other than Judge James
this is the plaintiff cherylin Looney
she claims the defendant received
eyelash extensions at her salon only to
cancel the charge on a credit card she's
suing for three hundred two dollars and
fifty cents this is the defendant Jill
Johnson she maintains the plaintiff
unknowingly gave her a much more
elaborate eyelash service and therefore
disputes the charge it's the case of
lash of the titans race to riot head
what you were about to witness is real
other participants are not actors there
are actual litigants with a case pending
in civil court all the parties have
agreed to drop their claims to have
their case decided here by Judge James
hello how are you Joshua thank you for
you good
the Lydia has been swearing you honor
thank you very much bailiff Guillermo oh
you can sit down you can sit down yeah
Thank You Josh
all right let's see here cherylin Looney
yes you are suing Jill Johnson for a
total of three hundred two dollars and
fifty cents because miss Johnson
received eyelash extensions at your
salon paid for that service and then
later disputed the charge with your bank
correct your honor miss Johnson you
claim you're unknowingly given a much
more expensive treatment than you
expected and that's the reason why he
disputed the charge correct correct
okay all right miss Looney let's start
with you your honor on September 20th
she made an appointment with me for our
last bar to get the most expensive
lashes may I stop you for one second are
those dentures on your breasts yes or
eyelashes but dentures yes okay okay
back to this story okay so she made the
most expensive appointment for the most
expensive lashes
what are those lashes called they're
called 3d lashes 3d lashes
yes okay why are they called 3d lashes
it's an advanced technique by master
lash artists and it's where they take
three light lashes and make a little fan
and they put him on one lash master lash
artists yes so a couple weeks later I
get a letter in the mail from I believe
it was like Chase Bank disputing the
charge I called her and she told me she
was gonna bring the money in the next
Monday she never showed up is this story
true what we just heard well no not not
in town which parts of it aren't true
okay so I set up the appointment showed
up 35 minutes late I believe got in
there and the lady the statistics plain
to me that because I was late they
couldn't do the 3d lashes but she could
arrange the time to do the 2d lashes
okay so I sat down in that bed for three
hours she worked on my lashes too fell
asleep and by the time I woke up she
showed me her work she said oh I was
able to do 3d lashes on you
and at that minute I'm thinking okay so
I know that's a different price one it's
a difference of $25 so I contacted my
credit card company and I went ahead and
cancel my accounts so that's exactly
what happened so you feel you should get
that service for free I'm not gonna lie
I did feel horrible for cancelling the
transaction and you know I know they
perform and they did the service so I I
did wanted to go with the intentions of
paying them but I just didn't go through
with that I just you know but I was
trying to be sympathetic I know that the
esthetician did a great work so in your
mind you felt like you wanted to do the
right thing but you didn't actually
physically with your body do the right
thing okay I am gonna admit I don't know
tremendous amount about eyelashes but I
did want to bring in an expert
my aunt chippy who has been wearing
false eyelashes since she was a baby
probably I understand you've done the 3d
lashes on and chippy okay
release the Beast
[Applause]
[Music]
you bet your life okay it chippy were
you outside smoking no have you quit
smoking almost remember you're under
oath I said almost were you a virgin
when you got married yeah what the
hell's wrong with you under oath this is
a courtroom lady with you I got one I
done did you ever take money out of my
grandfather's checking account for the
purposes of gambling specifically video
[Applause]
you're just James the man restitution
for the esthetician or Willie sight with
Miss lash and - and Malayan chippy come
clean about her degenerate past that
thing I swear to God I am Judge James
verdict when we return oh wow
this sassy salon owner says she was
swindled this credit card canceling
conniver cost that crap and this
aggravated end is getting agita judge
James is about to rule let's listen
are you the technician the master lash
expert who applied the lashes to this
woman's face I was next to the lady next
to the lady what has become of that
woman she is dead no she she couldn't
make it she couldn't make it when I was
a baby and chippy did you or did you not
drop me on my head I think I did because
otherwise you would not be damaged as
you are today I swear to God okay you
know what I have to say usually I will
go in the back and make a ruling but I
don't really have to make a go to the
back to make a ruling in this case
ruling are you making I am ruling in
favor of the plaintiff in the amount of
three hundred and two dollars and fifty
cents I don't even understand I think
you may have actually committed a crime
of some kind so here mo arrest everybody
except for these two right here okay
including a chippy I want her in Chains
good I won't have to deal with you then
I'll leave it to you don't hit me with
it let's go this way you kicking me out
yeah the case is for your ass get out of
here I can get out by myself I don't
need no help all right judge James has
rendered his verdict let's bring the
plaintiff in to defend let's bring
everybody in
my aunt chippy was neither to planer nor
the defendant I don't know what I was
Judge James had some very serious
questions to ask you and you I felt like
you dodged a lot of them he said he's a
nincompoop he really is
I mean he's banging that hammer baboom
baboom baboom whoo Judge James yes judge
James
there should be a little more respectful
let me see the eyelash which one was it
this one you can't see the lock when I
was with you all right there you have it
and chipper what a loudmouth wait that's
now done now we're done
coward I'm on the next judge James
everything was okay no she screamed hey
who's the judge here I am Jimmy Kimmel
if you want to see all our latest videos
click the subscribe button and if you
don't click anyway and close your eyes
when they come on